(DOCSP-28056) Preimages in 6.0 change streams (#375)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/triggers/database-triggers.txt

Disable Collection-Level Preimages
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Document preimages require your cluster to record additional data about
each operation on a collection. The additional storage space and compute
overhead may degrade trigger performance depending on your cluster
configuration.

> 

Reviewer: think it'd be beneficial to add a sentence or two stating that there are 2 separate preimage settings: 

1. collection level pre-images
2. trigger level pre-images

> Once enabled for any trigger on a collection, your cluster stores

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you enable preimages for any trigger on a collection, your cluster stores
```

Reviewer: preimages 2x in the sentence which is a bit meh but i think lil clearer. take it or leave it 🤷

preimages for every operation on the collection. The collection-level
setting is different than the preimages setting for individual triggers.
This means that the collection records preimages even if you later

> delete or exclude preimages from all triggers on the collection.

Reviewer: taking the above comment https://github.com/mongodb/docs-app-services/pull/375/files#r1123699911 into account, the copy in this paragraph could prob be refined a bit, like deleting the sentence "The collection-level
setting is different than the preimages setting for individual triggers."

Disable Collection-Level Preimages
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Document preimages require your cluster to record additional data about
each operation on a collection. The additional storage space and compute
overhead may degrade trigger performance depending on your cluster
configuration.

Once enabled, your cluster continues to store preimages for a collection
unless you explicitly disable them at the collection level. This means
that your cluster will record preimages even if you delete all triggers

> on the collection.

Reviewer: i don't understanding this paragraph. could you clarify?

Author: Updated

To learn how to fully disable collection-level preimages, see
:ref:`Disable Preimages for a Collection
<disable-collection-preimages>`.

.. note::

>    To optimize individual trigger executions, you can exclude the preimage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To optimize individual trigger executions, exclude the preimage
```

   from change events on a per-trigger basis. Regardless of your
   trigger-level settings, a collection's oplog entries will continue to
   include preimage data unless you explicitly disable preimages for the

>    collection.

Reviewer: i also struggle to understand this paragraph. could you clarify?

Author: Removed this note
